Test for reading and writing binary data.

Start merging more #rust implementations, but not the Str fixes

Check on #remove outside for..if?
More free polymorphism tests: meld of the two forms
Change the #index on a string iterator to hold the start of the current character.
- We probably need another 'hidden' index variable to make this work and only create the #index as an output variable.

Keep the "Format" class usable in user code. Even think about "File".
- Part of library name spacing?

Migrate from .lav to .loft as the extension of the language.

Generate documentation for /lib/parser.lav, /lib/lexer.lav, tests/suite/15-lexer.lav, tests/suite/16-parser.lav

Documentation generation: documentation.rs gendoc.rs style.css
- Split the standard library stdlib.html into files per topic.
- Directly create links to standard library instead in a separate pass.
- Visually integrate standard library and documentation with a common menu.
- Back links to the main page on all pages.
- Add a search feature to find functions, types, constants and classes.

Merge of code generation


click on hex grid: assume vertical view
    x,y to correct hex position & relative position on the hex
    dragging for multiple hexes selection & rotate the camera
sampling png onto hex grid: specific point & 4 pixels around it
    hex center into exact position on the png-grid
    starting with rectangle that approximates the hex
    get the pixels with their share of the tile (potentially more than 4)
draw coast lines:
    walls at 15 degrees based on rough shape of hexes (step = 60, 2 steps = 30)
    start with middles of sides towards the sea
    path: (x,y) dir & steps (turn left/right)
    match longest pattern first (sets: round30, round15, circles3, circles6, flats30, flats15)
    points (x,y,z) triangles materials
general slopes (flats, gradual, hills, mountain)
water flow, amount of water
    random direction per tile
    breaking cicles from the coast with flipping
tree/plant growth
steep sides into rock faces
lakes as non-connected seas
roofs / walls / roads / rails (flatten)
editing height and open terrain
    show pre-build items & place them with position and rotation
    clicking including height and multiple layers
shortest path
    on single layer
    connections between layers
    width of room versus vehicle
    maximum slope (different materials)
    maximum water depth to pass (wading, amimals, vehicle)
    following water for boats (ocean, sea, river, lake)
